Added way for PolarAxis to pull fontsize attribute from Figure (#4314)
MakieOrg/Makie.jl: CHANGELOG.md

- Added option `label_position = :center` to place labels centered over each bar [#4274](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl/pull/4274).
- Fixed Boundserror in clipped multicolor lines in CairoMakie [#4313](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl/pull/4313)
- Fix float precision based assertions error in GLMakie.volume [#4311](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl/pull/4311)

> - Added way for `PolarAxis` to pull fontsize attribute from `Figure()` [#4314](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl/pull/4314)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PolarAxis` fontsize now defaults to global figure `fontsize` in the absence of specific `Axis` theming [#4314](https://github.com/MakieOrg/Makie.jl/pull/4314)
```

Just to make the verbiage more specific :)

Author: Can I resolve conversations like this when making a change that should fix the problems mentioned or is that something usually reserved for the reviewers?

Reviewer: Feel free to resolve if the comment is addressed!  If we feel it's not, we can always reopen the comment.

Author: Alright, thank you!
